VIM PairTools 1.5
=================

Changes
-------

PairTools has progressed to version 1.5 with many additions and modifications.
The plugin architecture underwent a major rework and the following changes
occured:

1.  What was implemented as PairTools 1.0 is now called the PairClamp module 
    and is located in the autoload directory. PairClamp doesn't implement the 
    surround feature anymore, but you can use the surround plugin instead.

2.  The file pairtools.vim is still located inside the plugin directory, but 
    is now used as a central module for every other modules to set options and 
    mappings.

3.  A new module call TagWrench handles the angle brackets pair < and >, the 
    <% %>, <? ?> pairs, as well as XML and HTML tags, using builtin or user 
    hook functions to decided when ending tags should be inserted, and much 
    more. For more details see the help file.

4.  A new module call Jigsaw now handle backspace &lt;BS> and carriage return 
    <CR> hook functions to call based on the current context. For example, the 
    PairClamp context will delete defined pairs, and the TagWrench context 
    will delete angle bracket pairs, but also single tags and a pair of 
    starting and ending tags. Details are provided in the help file.

5.  Options (features) name changed a bit; they are now construct like this:

        g:pairtools_{filetype}_{option_name}

    So it will require some renaming from users of version 1.0. Also, as of 
    version 1.5, all options are disabled by default.

6.  A vimball is now provided and can be downloaded at:
    http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3560


Description
-----------

This Vim plugin manages operation involving pairs. It implements very popular
features such as auto close when the opening symbol is typed, auto step out 
using the closing symbol, avoids auto close inside some syntax area, do not 
close based on the right character(s) using regex-like expressions, and much
more.


Installation
------------

There are a two ways to install the plugin, the preferred one being 1:

1. Using __git clone__ manually copy all files
2. Download the vimball at: 
      www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3560
   Do __vim pairtools.vba__ followed by __:so %__ and __:quit__
